1396331513
Ability	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/models/ability.rb	class Ability 
AddPaymentIdToPaymentTransactions	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/db/migrate/20140331234736_add_payment_id_to_payment_transactions.rb	class AddPaymentIdToPaymentTransactions 
AddUserIdToPayment	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/db/migrate/20140331213445_add_user_id_to_payment.rb	class AddUserIdToPayment 
CreatePaymentTransactions	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/db/migrate/20140331234459_create_payment_transactions.rb	class CreatePaymentTransactions 
CreatePayments	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/db/migrate/20140331213242_create_payments.rb	class CreatePayments 
Payment	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/models/payment.rb	class Payment 
PaymentTest	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/test/models/payment_test.rb	class PaymentTest 
PaymentTransaction	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/models/payment_transaction.rb	class PaymentTransaction 
PaymentTransactionTest	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/test/models/payment_transaction_test.rb	class PaymentTransactionTest 
PaymentsController	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	class PaymentsController 
PaymentsControllerTest	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/test/controllers/payments_controller_test.rb	class PaymentsControllerTest 
PaymentsHelper	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/helpers/payments_helper.rb	module PaymentsHelper
PaymentsHelperTest	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/test/helpers/payments_helper_test.rb	class PaymentsHelperTest 
User	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/models/user.rb	class User 
card_number	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/models/payment.rb	  attr_accessor :card_number  
change	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/db/migrate/20140331213242_create_payments.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/db/migrate/20140331213445_add_user_id_to_payment.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/db/migrate/20140331234459_create_payment_transactions.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/db/migrate/20140331234736_add_payment_id_to_payment_transactions.rb	  def change
create	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def create
credit_card	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/models/payment.rb	  def credit_card
destroy	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def edit
has_role?	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/models/user.rb	  def has_role?(role_sym)
index	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def index
initialize	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/models/ability.rb	  def initialize(thisuser)
make_transaction	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/models/payment.rb	  def make_transaction 
new	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def new
payment_params	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	    def payment_params
set_payment	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	    def set_payment
show	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def show
update	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/controllers/payments_controller.rb	  def update
validate_card	C:/Users/Anthony/Documents/GitHub/assignment7/app/models/payment.rb	    def validate_card
